Tapestry Design Notes:

The initial Tapestry audio engine board is designed to be used for development purposes, and provides the basic components
of a high performance audio DSP/Playback engine, inlcuding the Arm Cortex M7 CPU, a microSD socket connected via SDIO, a
high-speed USB port and a multi-channel audio codec providing 4 channels of input and 6 channels of output. It also includes
10-pin, 0.05 pitch SWD/JTAG connector for use with the Atmel SAM ICE debugger during firmware development.

The design assumes that most user interface controls and connnectors, audio buffering and connectors, as well as any specific
external power connection and regulation will be contained on a second application specific "UI" board. In this way, the audio
engine can be repurposed for different end-user applications and requirements.

Power

Vin is assumed to be 5V. The design intent is that 5V can be supplied either through the UI header or from the USB
connection, or both. If both are plugged in, the external 5V Vin will be favored. If a wider input range using a barrel
connector is required, the connector and additional regulation can located on the UI board.

microSD Socket

The microSD card interfaces to the CPU using the 4-bit wide SDIO interface rather than SPI. The Atmel SAM 70 CPU is able
to recognize high speed cards and run the SDIO clock at 50Mhz, making the layout of the card and routing of the SDIO traces
somewhat more critical. SDIO signals and traces should be considered high frequency.

Codec

The codec interfaces to the CPU using the SAM S70 SAI resource in TDM mode. The design allows for up to 4 audio input
channels and 6 audio output channels.  A dual-row 20-pin connector JP4 provides the ac coupled audio input and output
connections to and from the codec. Any additional audio signal conditioning / buffering as well as the desired audio
connectors is assumed to be on the UI board.

User and Control Interface

All user interface/control signals, including Vin, are via a dual-row 26 pin header JP3. There are 16 GPIO, 8 of which
can also be configured as analog inputs or outputs. The intent is that alternate firmware versions can use these lines to
interface to trigger or gate inputs, user interface controls such as analog pots, encoders, LEDs, etc. There are also 2 UARTs
(Tx and Rx), one of which will be used for MIDI (with the MIDI opto and connectors being located on the UI board.)

Test Points

Test points are provided for the TDM signals between the SAM S70 and codec. Test points are also provide for a subset of
the SDIO signals to facilitate timing SD card access. A single general purpose test point is also provided for use by the
firmware.